In the upgrading of the facilities, were you, in a
sense, even though you're still in civil
engineering, was it more of a logistics
administration? Or was it basically? No, I'm
still in design, construction, operation, and
maintenance of facilities. OK. OK. The
interesting question that you would ask, because
shortly after I left the service, they added to the
staff called services, engineering and
services. And they put the mortuary, the
commissary, the liquor stores, and everything
else under this course of engineering. Not having
enough to do. This was General Jones did that. He
made him engineering and services. So he put all
the services under him too. I never experienced
that. They do now. That sounds like a lot of
responsibility. At that time that I was at
Wright-Patterson, I was
regional vice president of the Society of
American Military Engineers for the Ohio region.
The United States is divided into a number of
regions. So happens Texas is a region all by
itself. But I was a and that comes up later on to
support something else. We had posts in
Cincinnati and Philadelphia, one down in West
Virginia, one in Columbus, one at
Wright-Patterson, of course. About six or eight
posts in the region. Now, is this outside of the
military? Yeah, this is a Society of American
Military Engineers. It's not
government-funded, but it's made up of Army,
Navy, Air Force, Marine, military, and civilian
engineers that want to join. Today, there are
about 20,000 members in the Society. Well,
that's a good idea. Well, why were you only there
for a year? Here's your last job then, Director of
Facility Maintenance back in Washington with the
Secretary of Defense. Remember the name
Sheridan? Mr. Sheridan was on the board for the
expansion of the Air Force Academy. Mr. Sheridan
was escorted to
Comron Bay sheridan was the top engineer in the
department of defense and he made a request to the
airport i have a vacancy for a director of facility
maintenance and i want general huck johnson to
fill the job and the department of defense asked
the airport for somebody by name and the air
force's policy that unless they had a real real
strong objection grant the Department of Defense
the wish. Mr. Sheridan asked for me by name and
there wasn't a damn way I could get out of it. I tried
to not go. Why? I didn't want to go to the Department
of Defense. I didn't want to go back to the airport.
I mean back to Washington. You get in the
Department of Defense, you're gone from your
service. I was doing what I wanted to do. I wanted to
work in the airport. And But there wasn't a way I
could do that. That sounds like a lot of
responsibility. I'm surprised that it's not a
two-star position. You mean in the Department of
Defense? Yeah. Well, at
that time, the Air Force
had only one two-star civil engineer. And
this was still guttered.
This was Riley, General Riley, Maurice Riley,
Colorado. He was the only two-star that we had in
the Air Force. Well, why is that? Because the Army,
the Chief of the Corps of Engineers, was
three-star. That's right. Bear in mind, he has a
greater responsibility.
The chief of the Corps of Engineers has a
responsibility that, unless one of them has
defined it for you, it's very difficult to
understand. He has two responsibilities. He is
responsible to the chief of staff of the Army for
certain things. And he is responsible to the
Secretary of the Army without going through the
Chief of Staff for other things. The work that he
does in civil work, the Chief of the Staff of the
Army has absolutely no sales.
But that's only the Secretary of the Army being the
titular advisor to the Chief of the Corps of
Engineers. There is, if you put it on a scale, there
is a star difference. The top Navy man in our
business is a rear admiral upper half. Unless you
understand that off the tape, I'll tell you about
that because I had nothing to do with it. He's a
senior two-star admiral. Which is a two-star
admiral. Rear admiral, upper half. Rear admiral,
lower half, is a one-star. No? Rear admiral, lower
half, in the time of peace. When you look at it, you
don't know whether he's upper or lower. And
sometimes, when I was in the Department of
Defense, even, and I'd get into meetings, and a
rear admiral would come in, and it was my job to say,
upper or lower? If he said lower, date of rank?
Because you've got to establish who is the senior.
Because what he's wearing, he could be, too. But
you have to look at him and say, up or lower? He says,
lower. Data rank. And then that tells you which one
of you is the senior. And that's your
responsibility. Well, when I was the director of
facility maintenance, I had a rear admiral across
the hall. He had another directorate reporting.
He, too, reported to Mr. Sheridan. But I outranked
him. But as we walked down the hall, he'd walk on the
right because what he's wearing says he's a
two-star, but he's not. He's being paid as a
one-star. It's crazy. Only in war do they drop back
to the comic
books. Yeah, it was a big job. I thoroughly enjoyed
it. I learned a lot. I got a hell of a lot of exposure.
I already said I worked with the different
services. Some of the problems with my own were
bigger than with the other, with the Army and the
Navy. Never had any problem with the Marines.
They're just damn thankful that somebody's
trying to help them. Oh, they are? Oh, yeah. The
Marines, and I'm not knocking them, rightfully
so, if you took a percentage of how many of what
percent of the total were available or committed
to combat, you'd have a greater percent out of the
Marines than you would out of any service. And
that's what I say. When you get into that old
operation and maintenance, logistical support,
and design and construction, anybody that wants
to help us, help us. Because they just don't have
the people there. And, you know, that's the
commandant's choosing, and he's going to put the
max in. And back to my own boss, when I was back there
at Turner, he said, you can listen to your own
people say that they want to have their own design
and construction agents and push the core out of
the building, but not while I'm here. Because,
number one, we don't have the manpower to devote to
that And number two, as long as the Corps of
Engineers is responsible for it, if it goes wrong,
we've got somebody else to blame.
And he said, but we don't have the manpower spaces
to put into it. It's all we can do to keep air crews.
Right. Well, how are your relations with the Corps
of Engineers? Oh, mine, always great. Really
good. Oh, yeah. No problems. I've never had
problems. No jealousies? No. Never. And even to
this day, I've got two major general friends that
live right here in San Antonio, and the greatest
people ever. One of them was the number two man in
the Corps, and the other one was the top engineer in
the Ohio River
Division when I was at Wright-Patt.
So in general, would you say that the Corps of
Engineers and the engineering groups, of course,
of the Air Force and the Navy, do they work together
fairly well? Yeah. You know, sometimes they're
misunderstanding. Sometimes the auditors have
to get with each other and battle over dollars and
stuff like that. But I personally... can see only
one way of improving it, but it would never come
about, and that would be to abolish it all, as the
Canadians have done, and have only one agent,
period. Don't have Army principally, Navy in some
parts of the world, and Air Force in England, or the
United Kingdom. Why won't they do that?
I think we've got other problems, you know, just
nobody willing to tackle that one or else nobody
wants to tackle it because the Corps is so involved
also in civil work. Sure, absolutely.
And of course there are people who think that now is
just about the time that the Corps ought to invest
itself in civil work because You're beginning to
see more and more articles in the technical pubs
and even in the media of some of the breakdowns and
the failures that have happened in the Corps and
are now surfacing.
Now what were your responsibilities here then in
your last job?
Principally policy making and budget review of
the budget review that is submitted by the four
services. Annually when they come in for their
operation and maintenance appropriation, how
much they would have budget for the operation of
utilities and the maintenance of facilities and
the same thing for housing and so on. Of course, our
review would I don't know if it would come as any
surprise. We'd be constantly trying to get the
service to raise that budget level. Of course,
every time you try to get them to raise it, well,
it's got to come from somewhere else because
somebody's got a ceiling on them. But hey, man,
that's not enough to keep these things from
falling apart. Come on, you've got to get more than
that. Let's get it up. Let's get it up. Let's get it
up. But it comes in in so many different elements
and line items that it takes a hell of a long study to
go through and then determine that, Okay, you're
probably marginal, or okay, and you're good, or so
on. But that's the budget we need. And policy, oh,
it can come in any different form. For instance,
during my tenure, Congress, in its wisdom,
eliminated so many enlisted aides As a
general rule,
a flag officer got an aide for each star. Then
Congress said, look how many enlisted people
we've got. They're doing nothing except waiting
on generals and admirals. Let's come out.
When I say in his wisdom, they didn't realize
really who this hurt. Because first you have to
live in government quarters to have an aid. If you
live on the economy, you don't get an aid. You have
to live in government quarters. So the guy out
there on the economy, he didn't have one. But now
this guy that's living in government quarters, he
cut out the aid.
And here's This is a true estimate. So then the
servants come to you and say, hey, who's going to
cut this guy's grass? This brigadier general
says, who's going to cut his grass?
Well, who's responsible for having the grass cut
before the aid was lost? Well, the aid is. I said,
I'm going to ask you the question again. Who's
responsible for having the grass cut before that
aid authorization is withdrawn? Oh, the
generalist. I said, who is responsible for having
the grass cut after the aid authorization is
withdrawn? Well, the generalist. Then you've
answered your question. Oh, really? You're
telling us the general's going to cut the grass? I
said, no. I phrased it. Who is responsible for
having the grass cut? Now, if the general wants to
go cut the grass, that's all right. If he wants to
have his son do it, all right. If he wants to hire the
kid across the street, or if he wants to hire this
black guy that comes on base and cuts everybody's
grass, that's all right. Well, would you permit
the general officer's landscaping to be included
in the civil engineer's landscaping budget for
the common grounds? I said, do I look like a guy
that's going to go over there on the Hill before
Congress and say, yes, I was the one that
authorized that?
I said, do you really think that I'm that much of a
fool? You know, you and me, this is all going on in 45
seconds. But this is a three- or four-week
dialogue of back and forth between services. It
all mellows down to this. So the policy is, they'll
handle it. They wanted you to send men over to cut
their grass. Hard to let me raise, put it in the
budget. And the intent of Congress, take the aid
away,
and then I'm going to turn around and say, oh, but
we'll spend the money some other way? Not me, Dad.
I'll say not only I would not do it, But if I find it in
the budget, I know what your grounds are now. And if
I find it in there, my people will cut it off. But,
you know, these are real small things. But before
the committee of Congress, you could get a number
of people crucified. Sure.
Well, like I say, short conversation here, but
this is three or four weeks of four services, and
then we also knew that they'd have maybe two or
three meetings. Well, now, look, we'll go over
there tomorrow and talk to them like this, and
y'all go over there the next day, and...
So what happened? Did the generals have to find
somebody? The generals remained, like I said. Who
was responsible? So they were responsible.
That's right. They cut it themselves, or somebody
did. Or they hired somebody to do it. Congress took
their aid away. Congress didn't tell you you had to
go cut grass.
We were about to have you as a colonel living next
door to me, and the civil engineer would come cut my
grass, but tell you, Colonel, sorry, we can't cut
your grass. You're a colonel. You know, what in the
hell would that do? Yeah, great for my own. But,
uh,
What other challenges?
Well, the good news part, of course, was
there was an
Army Corps of Engineers general, and you probably
have him on your list, Andy Rollins. Is Andy in
Texas? Have you interviewed him yet? No, I have
not. I've written him a letter. Andy was the number
two man of the Corps of Engineers. And I won't say
much about it, because you probably won't. And
everybody thought Andy was going to be promoted to
three stars as Major Chief of Engineers. And is he
here in San Antonio? I don't think so, no. We've
looked him up, but I don't think so. But you know
him? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I was wondering why he hasn't
responded. He
was the Vice President of the Society of American
Motor Engineers. And the Vice President usually
ascends to become the President the following
year. And when the announcement was made that
General Gribble was going to be moved into the
Corps and made the Chief, Andy says, I quit. I've
had enough time. See, I can't get promoted. And
turned to the society and said, I can't accept the
position of president because it could interfere
with my taking a real good position somewhere. And
so how, all of a sudden, they were without somebody
to go in. And this was just at the time that I moved
into Washington. So they came to me and said, look.
The society came to you? Yeah. I made it clear. They
came to me and said, look, you've been a reasonable
vice president before. becomes the president. I
said, well, I'll ask my boss and my wife, but not in
that order. He'd say, yes. Yeah, I'll take it. So he
said, yes. Boy, Sheridan was great. He says,
great. Greatest thing that ever happened. Good
that we got somebody in the Department of Defense
for a change. It's always been in the Army, Air
Force, or Navy, and now we got somebody in the
Department of Defense. He says, anytime you want
to travel, travel to be sure that while you're on
that trip you do some business for the Department
of Defense though. Great. Okay, good. We did it. So
did you travel quite a bit? Oh, yeah. Did you give
any talks? Oh, yeah. And the department gave you
time off for this? I sandwiched it in with work
every time that I went somewhere. had it pretty
well planned two or three weeks in advance and
always had something to do. You see, the Army, I
mean, the Department of Defense has a lot of agency
of its own, you know, Defense Mapping Agency.
They've got agencies scattered everywhere that
don't report to Army, Navy, Air Force, don't
report to one of the three services. They report
right back to the Department of Defense. Like
they've got a place they lovingly call the Pants
Factory in Philadelphia. They manufacture
uniforms for all the services. Now, all of the
uniforms are not manufactured there, but enough
are that they know what to contract for and how much
they ought to cost when they contract for them and
so on. And if they have a special uniform or
something, it's manufactured in Philadelphia.
Well, that outfit reports back to the Department
of Defense, not to one of One time it's commanded by
a two-star Air Force, next time by a two-star Army,
and then by an Avro, it floats around. But anyway,
there was enough business to keep it. So that was
the plus mark. I mean, it was great. It was a real
good thing. Sheridan was outstanding in the
support. And when we had our annual meeting the
year I was president, well, I thought it was held in
Houston. I was little. I wanted it somewhere in
Texas,
and I figured Houston was a good place to have it.
Why'd you decide to retire in 1974? I'll be very
honest. I had sat
at my position in my position in the Department of
Defense for two cycles, but it's two general
officer promotion cycles. And it didn't come to
be, and I went down to talk
guy that i knew real well and he was the number two
man in personnel business and i said god uh what do
the tea leaves have and he says well he says i know
you're disappointed that you didn't get quoted i
said well i'd be foolish to say that i wasn't
disappointed but i said john I'm one grade higher
than I ever expected to be, and I'm glad of it, but
I'm wondering about the future. And he said, well,
you're going to stay at the Department of Defense
one more year. And I said, and then what? He said,
and then we'll bring you out and make the command
civil engineer out of you. In other words, give you
your own command. No, that's what I'd already
been. So I told him, I said... A command is like SAC,
Air Force Logistics Command. I said, John, I've
already been the command engineer of Air Force
Europe, of the Air Force Logistics Command. I
said, what other carrot could you give me? And he
said, well, you could give me SAC. I said, I don't
think that's as big a carrot as a log command. Well,
you asked what the tea leaves said. I said, well, at
least you're honest with me. If I want out now, what
do you say? I'd like to have six months. And I said,
all right. You'd like to have six. What if I give you
five? I can live with five. Okay. I said, but now
before I walk out of here, I want to tell you
something. I said, I'm the third Air Force general
that just sat in that job down there. It's never
been rotated to the Army or the Navy or the Marines.
They've hit the Air Force three in a row. From the
inside, I can't see that we're gaining a thing.
They've not given us a thing. All they're doing is
just robbing the Air Force of one general officer.
We don't get any more. We don't get any more. Beep up
in an authorization, or you don't get one more
because you're furnishing them. It comes out of
our heart is to have any gentlemen we can have, and
we've furnished three in a row now. That's over a
period of eight years. I said, next time I can tell
them
no. All right. Let me think about that. So the next
time did the job go? When I left, I recommended to my
Army full colonel, be given the job. As a very dear
general. No. Jobs don't give you the promotion.
Promotions are work no matter what your job is.
You're given the job. He was given the job. He sat in
that job two years. He's still full colonel today.
And sure enough, he's here. Department of Defense
asked the Air Force, and the Air Force said, sorry,
we don't have them. We can't give you one this time.
They turned them down. It didn't cost them a thing.
They just turned them down. They haven't been hit,
you know, their budgets haven't been cut. They
haven't been nasty. I don't know why. And I had
talked to John a couple of times, you know, after
that. And he said, well, I took your advice, and we
told them no. I said, as a result, we've got one more
gentleman in the Air Force. He said, that's right.
It's an important job, but we were just losing the
job. Now, during that job, you were working with
the Secretary of Defense quite a bit. How'd you get
along with him? Well, he's far removed. You've got
to remember that the Secretary of Defense is a
member of the Cabinet, and he's a member of the and
everything, and you really don't see him. Of
course,
you feel him,
but I've got the truth to say that in the capacity
that he was in, I never saw him there. Our
illustrious governor of Texas was the guy that ran
the Department of Defense. How'd you get along
with Clements?
He's all right. I never did have to deal face to face
with him because there were two people between me
and him.
The job of operation and maintenance of
facilities, though it's a damn important job as
far as dollars are concerned, and what we have to
use if we have to fight the
manpower and weapons policies just occupy more of
people's time and effort.
And I say that's the reason That's the reason they
have us experts do the other things. And I'm
serious. They give you all the rope and say, man,
you know, go. Because, really, they're just too
damn busy
fighting. Manufacturers, Douglas, Northrop,
you know, they've got more to do. I don't see how
some of them ever make it with us. Talk about
people. Sure, we can put in long hours, but ours are
long and tedious. But theirs are grueling and
trying
to keep from getting screwed.
Of course, during this time, Watergate was on
everybody's mind in Washington, D.C., and I was
wondering if Watergate and the resignation of
Richard Nixon and in 74, which was the same time
that you retired, if that had any impact on the
Pentagon, any feelings at the Pentagon or in your
department? Well,
I don't think it had any.
on
efficiency or anything like that. But it was
there, and there were a lot of people in the
Department of Defense at the senior level that had
been brought in by the Democratic Party years ago,
even though they were civil servants. For
instance, this guy Sheridan asked for me by name
that I worked for directly. Openly criticized the
Republicans all the time. He was a Democrat. And of
course, being a military guy, I listened to him in
New Orleans and whatever. I thought it was right
politically. But I don't think it had any effect on
efficiency. Or should we go get something to eat?
Yeah. As far as I can see, we're basically done with
your career, unless you have other things that
you'd like to talk about, and we can talk about
those after lunch. All right. We'll talk a few
minutes after lunch. Maybe there's some things on
your notes
that you don't know. Okay. His name is Captain
Harvey Lively. L-I-V-E-L-Y. Okay, he is the
attack officer during the cavalry on tape number
one, and we'll edit that in. Yeah, okay. Okay.
Also, you asked the question... When I went with
the A&M football team out to California to play
UCLA, that was not the first time that I'd been out
of Texas because that particular maneuver was
just three or four months before that in the New
Mexico. Okay, so that was the first time that you'd
been out of Texas. We'll edit that in, too. When you
think back on your military career, And I know that
we've alluded to this, but we haven't answered
this. You said that the way that you were promoted
was because of work. Did you think that you had some
control over your promotions? I mean, in all
advancement, it seems to me that there is a certain
amount of luck and a certain amount that the
individual accomplishes. And I was wondering, as
far as you're concerned, what's your opinion? of
which one is more important?
Between the two? Being there at the right time or
hard work? Well, in the Air Force, since we do not
have branches of service, all of what's known as
the line of the Air Force compete with each other.
That means the pilot competes with the supply
officer, who competes with the maintenance
officer, who competes with the civil engineer,
who competes with the adjutant or the
administrative officer with the personnel.
Those are all the line of the Air Force. And they
compete against each other. Doctors compete
against doctors. Chaplains against chaplains.
But the rest of us being line of the Air Force. And so
by... use of the Central Promotion Board, which,
incidentally, all meet at Randolph, and the
boards having only records and written
recommendations to look at, except
in the time of war, and there is a difference, sure,
performance is the key to promotion. Because
that's what you're graded on, even if the grades
are skewed high, the written word is there to back
it up. And if a board gets concerned that, man, for
the last three years they've been going overboard
and fireballing everybody, let's go back and see
what the written word is. Well, it takes them
longer, but it's there to look at. And so
performance always in time of peace. In time of
war, in other words, if Got to be in a position
vacancy to get a promotion. Well, certainly, it's
being in the right place at the right time. Now, you
are in the civilian world in your own business, as a
matter of fact, for half a dozen years. Do you think
that getting ahead, advancing in the military,
Are there differences or similarities between
advancing and any other bureaucracy, like the
corporate world, for example?
No. Again, time of peace, no. Did you consider
yourself ambitious? Yes.
Very much so. Always discussing it. There wasn't
something to do. Always looking for something.
We've got to do more. We've got to do more with less.
This is especially true after I returned to duty,
that I was trying to do it for less cost. I don't care
whether it's manpower measured in hours or
positions or dollars or what, but do it cheaper. As
well and cheaper or better. Being
class-dependent. Hmm? Being class-dependent.
Cross-conscience always. Back to, again, what
General Metten said about the two of them. These
are the only two guys that ever met a payroll. The
only guys that ever realized that if it doesn't
pay, it ain't worth it. Somebody's got to pay for
it. And sometimes, politicians especially, will
talk about all the waste there is in the Department
of Defense, and if you really want to take a look at
waste, let's take a look at the budget of the
Department of Defense, blah, blah. You've
probably heard this ad nauseum. And I was
wondering what you thought about that.
Well, I'd like to look and see who those people are.
Because... Which people? That are saying that.
Who the people are that are saying that. Because I
am convinced that with the review and the ringer
that the sub... committee the military
appropriation subcommittee of the house
appropriation subcommittee the ringer that they
put us through and the review and the records that
they call for and the hours of testimony that we
have convinced somebody that we're doing as good a
management job as the state of the union will
permit us to do now two years from now a year from now
it might be different you know it might be some
knowns that we didn't know when we went before the
committee but you know you've got a house
appropriation committee that covers all of
appropriations but the military appropriation
the sub committee for military appropriation is
the one that deals solely with the department of
defense with all the branches with all the
agencies and everything they have that committee
has a staff And the longer that staff deals with the
services and the agencies, the more they know
about them, the more they know what to ask for. And
I would just like for some of these other people to
just sit in on some of the reviews and hearings
before they sign them. The Department of Defense
is a big whipping boy. Yeah. I'd be the last one to
say that there's not some kind of saving somewhere
in the Department of Defense. Anybody that says
that bit, boom. Have you ever heard the term, and
this is often used by politicians or by
journalists, have you ever heard the term
military mentality?
I don't know that I have. Well, that there's an army
way to do something, you know, or... Well...
People in the military have certain opinions.
That's synonymous with... That's close enough to
the government
essence. Is there a military way of thinking?
I don't think so. Not unless you're talking about
somebody that's... They just advise that they
think that their service is the only one that can do
something and that nobody else can do it. I'm sure
that at one time or another some Air Force, maybe
even a gentleman, said, well, the Navy doesn't
know how to fly fighter aircraft. Well, they
don't. They fly them just as well in the Air Force.
They fly them under different conditions in
different locations. No, I don't think
there's really a military way of thinking about
it. In your entire career, were there some
shortcomings, some things that you wanted to
accomplish that you thought were just, I mean, you
tried, but they were out of your reach for a number
of different reasons?
I don't think there were any major consequences
when I was first assigned to the Pentagon. You
know, again, the Pentagon has got the quotations
around it. Coming out of England as chief of the
master planning branch.
Actually, I wasn't in the Pentagon. My boss was in
the Pentagon. My branch was on paper. We were under
the headquarters of the US Air Force. But we were
downtown on the Mall. I was within two blocks of the
Capitol.
And I knew good and well that to increase our
efficiency, we belonged over there in the
Pentagon, in that building. Spending too many man
hours with my people going back and forth on the bus
to attend meetings or coordinate papers and
things like that. Whereas if we were in the
Pentagon, we would have had as much as maybe two
more man spaces. We were just losing that much of
time. And it just beat the daylights out of me. And I
just couldn't live with it. I wasn't having much
luck from my own boss in trying to get in, so I went
over his head. He didn't know it, but I went around
him and started working with his boss to see if
there was some way we could get in. I accepted the
fact that we would go in with about half the space
that an individual is normally authorized and
that I personally wouldn't ask for any more space
for six to eight months after we got in, but then
started trying to improve our lot, which is what we
did. We just actually moved into some of these six
by eight foot offices that we were talking about
earlier. And then that was after I was there about a
year, and I got them in. And then about a year later,
we got sufficient space for what we're
authorizing. A master planner has got to have a
desk. He's also got to have a drawing board. He does
a hell of a lot of work on the table.
I explained this to my people, and they were all for
it, because they didn't like riding the buses any
more than I like for them to be riding the buses. But
I'm talking about, I had working for me eight
GS-14s, which was a hell of a lot of pay, you know, in
that day and time, and even today. put them riding a
bus for a couple hours a day, and you just throw the
money down the drain. You sure are. But that was
probably... But you accomplished that. Huh? You
accomplished the move then to the Pentagon. Oh,
yeah, but it was frustrating the first year, you
know, and then having to take substandard to get
in, I wasn't satisfied.
No, I don't think that there's any... thing that I
was asked to do or any assignment that I was given
that didn't have some degree of success. On
the other hand, was there an assignment that you
had, a job that you had, that you would consider,
that you accomplished, that you would consider
one that was sort of your favorite? Are you felt
best about achieving this victory?
Well, there were, I guess there
were two or three that I don't know which one would
be more prominent. We discussed the construction
of the base in Vietnam was by far probably one of the
greatest magnitudes. But going to the United
Kingdom after they stopped me from going to
Thailand to build those houses, I had them all
under contract except the ones for the Navy up in
Scotland before they moved me over to Germany. And
then they went under contract with one of the
entrepreneurs that I was dealing with. And when
you start dealing with seven or eight different
people to get 1,500 houses built in a foreign land
and under their codes and everything. It's quite a
challenge, so I was real pleased with that. I guess
other people were, too. It wouldn't have paid off
if it did.
Those, of course, are peacetime things. back
during the war well everything we accomplished i
guess we felt good about it we always had to make do
or there was always a shortage of some sort
My biggest frustration, though, in my whole
career
was taking,
making a major on 1 November 1944 and then not
making a lieutenant colonel until